[TEACH laughs]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous
seas are known
as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the secrets
they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
intending to destroy
a Devil Fruit Factory
in Dressrosa.
However, plans changed
when Law was captured
by Doflamingo.
Luffy has now snuck
into the Royal Palace
to rescue his apprehended ally.
Meanwhile, the former
enslaved toys,
who have become human again,
are seeking revenge
against Doflamingo.
[DIAMANTE]
What do these goons want?
Get him!
He works for Doflamingo!
We're gonna break every
bone in your body!
[TOY MAN H] Annihilate him
and then the factory!
[NARRATOR] The fighting
tournament came to a surprising
conclusion when the man
disguised as Lucy claimed
victory and finally revealed
his true identity.
Who are you?
Come out and say it already.
[SABO]
Me?
The name is Sabo.
We're members of the
Revolutionary Army.
Then the first Lucy is too?
No, but we're both enemies
of the World Government.
That man will be the King
of the Pirates someday.
His name is Straw Hat Luffy.
A pirate?
Yup! And he's my brother.
Surprised?
[NARRATOR] At the palace, Luffy
finally confronts Doflamingo.
[LUFFY]
Traffy!
I'm here to save you!
Oh, good! You didn't die!
[GROUP yells]
--It's the wall guy!
--Pica!
What a way to go, huh?
That was a surprise.
Wait, Mingo is alive?!
I'm left in a
difficult position.
I have no other choice but
to use "The Birdcage."
The Birdcage?
[DOFLAMINGO]
You remember, don't you, Law?
[LUFFY]
"The Devil's Trap!
A Dressrosa Extermination Plan!"
[TOYS yelling]
[TOY MAN A]
Where's Doflamingo?
[TOY MAN B]
Smash everything in your path!
[TOY MAN C] C' mon!
Let's tear that factory down!
[SMILE OVERSEER D]
Think we should book it?
They're on a rampage
and headed straight here!
This is above my pay grade!
Well, lucky for us,
I don't think that they
can actually reach us
without the key!
You know this factory
means everything
to the Young Master.
Even if the ceiling collapses,
there won't be a scratch
on this place since
it's made of Sea Prism Stone.
Besides, need I remind you?
[chuckling]
[TREBOL laughing]
[TOYS yelling]
[SMILE OVERSEER A] We've got two
of the top executives watching
over it.
[TOYS yelling]
"Goo" ahead and try.
[TOYS yell]
Now, Lock!
Sticky-Sticky Chain!
I've had enough of you! Now die!
[TOYS yell]
[TREBOL laughs]
Stick-Stickem!
[SMILE OVERSEER A laughs]
Trust me when I say, no one
can get through these two.
Our impenetrable defenses
really are impenetrable!
Well I suppose I shouldn't
delay this further.
Shut your damn mouth!
How can you still
be alive, Doflamingo?
[yells]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Do you want me to show you
how to properly behead a man?
Soldier!
Kyros, behind you!
Just like this.
Kyros, no!
Damn Straw Hat!
There's two Young Masters?
Pentachromatic. Strings!
Sorry! My mistake!
Hey, jerk! Gum-Gum...
Armament!
...Jet Gatling! [yells]
[LUFFY grunting]
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
[LUFFY yells]
Luffyland!
But how? He has a double?
That hurt!
It seems he's made a
marionette out of his strings!
That technique. What is it?
Riku.
[DOLDO]
Hm?
A quick question.
Do you remember how
you felt that evening,
ten years ago?
[DOLDO]
Mm...
The one where you
torched the town
and sliced your beloved
citizens to pieces?
[DOLDO]
Please! I beg you! Stop!
If there's no way to prevent
me from hurting
my own people...
...I'd rather be dead!
Someone! Anyone!
Please! Kill me!
I could never forget
such a tragedy.
That nightmare haunts
me to this day!
Compared to what's
about to unfold,
that will seem like
a sweet memory.
[DOLDO]
Hm?
[DOLDO] You're mad!
What are you planning?
You cannot repeat
such a callous act!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hush, now.
I'm going to release you all.
[DOLDO]
Huh?
Pica.
I think it's time you
scatter these roaches.
Doflamingo!
You have done enough
damage to these people!
Don't put them through any more!
Hang on, guys!
Gum-Gum...
...Balloon!
[DOFLAMINGO] Now, it's time
to watch the final act unfold.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[LUFFY] He chucked us
right out of the palace!
There's no chance of us
getting near Doflamingo
if Pica is with him.
The Birdcage...
It's starting!
--[LUFFY] Hm?
--[VIOLET] Huh?
The sky! What's that, sir?
Who knows?
Let's not stay and find out!
[PIRATE B]
We're no match for Doflamingo,
so there's no point
in lashing out at him!
[PIRATE A]
Captain! Watch out!
Something's there!
[PIRATE B yells]
Why?!
Huh? Razors?
Huh? Were these
bars always here?
That's crazy! It sliced through?
That should have worked!
What the hell?
[LUFFY] The Birdcage?
What's that? Tell me!
[LAW] Before the truth
behind his regime
even has a chance to get out...
Doflamingo...
...will kill every
person in Dressrosa.
This fence stretches
as far as we can see.
What the hell?!
Where's the exit?!
What are these beams around us?
Vice Admiral Bastille!
I can't contact headquarters!
What?
Same here!
I'm having technical
difficulties reaching the base!
How am I going to report
the events from today?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[CROWD yelling]
What's this?
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
Hey! Don't fire at
someone's home!
I... I didn't!
I can't control my own body!
[MARINES yell]
Hey! Stop that!
M-My arm's moving on its own?
Daddy!
Stop me! Everybody! Duck!
Parasite String!
[TOWNSMAN E]
Help!
It's chaos.
What's going on around here?
[MARINE H]
Sir, Reporting in!
It's pandemonium
all across Dressrosa!
Everyone's going wild
and attacking one another!
I'm sad to inform you
that there's even some
Marines attacking the civilians!
We need backup or many
innocent people will die!
What going on now?
[MARINE I] Th-The King's
Plateau... is sinking!
[LUFFY]
H-Hey! Why's the ground shaky?
Who's doing this?
It's Pica!
He's changing the terrain
with his stone powers.
[LUFFY] The Royal Palace
is running away!
Stop! You get back here!
[TOYS yelling]
[TOY MAN D]
Look out!
The factory is ascending!
[TOY MAN E]
What? How is that even possible?
[TOWNSMAN G]
Help me!
[TOWNSMAN H]
Please stop me!
[TOWNSMAN J]
Look at the Flower Field!
It's rising up and
pulling the whole town
with it!
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL]
Cu-lick.
Citizens and guests
of Dressrosa.
Greetings.
Might I have a word?
When I started my reign,
I could have easily
ruled over you
with an iron fist.
Instead, I was benevolent.
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
But now that you know the truth,
there's no doubt in
my mind that the vast
majority of you would
like to see me dead.
That's why I've prepared
a little game for you.
Your objective is
to assassinate me.
You can find me
in the Royal Palace.
I won't be going anywhere.
Take my life, and the game ends.
I die, you win.
Real simple, right?
And, since I'm so generous,
I'll give you a second
way to win as well.
I'm about to read
out a list of people,
so get your pencils ready.
Should you manage to
bring me their dead bodies,
you win!
Also. I will award a
sizeable bounty for each
and every head I receive.
It's kill or be killed.
Every person in the kingdom
is now a bounty hunter.
And the only way
for you to survive
is for you to take the life
of another person.
[laughs]
[NARRATOR] The all-out battle
at the Colosseum was
just the beginning!
Now, all of Dressrosa
has turned to chaos,
as a horrifying game of
life-or-death commences.
Faced with a difficult
situation where the citizens
have turned against him,
Luffy moves to take
down Doflamingo
before it's too late!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The 500 Million Berry Man!
Target: Usoland!"
I'm gonna be King
of the Pirates!